Privacy Policy for White Mountain 4000 Footer Tracker App

Last Updated: 1/24/2024

1. Introduction
Welcome to White Mountain 4000 Footer Tracker, your personal hiking log for tracking hikes of mountain summits.. This privacy policy is designed to inform you about the types of information collected and how it is used within the app.

2. Data Collection and Usage
White Mountain 4000 Footer Tracker is an offline app that does not require internet access. No data is collected from users, and all information entered into the app remains private and stored locally on the user's device.

3. User Consent
As White Mountain 4000 Footer Tracker does not collect any data, there are no consent mechanisms in place. Users are in full control of the information they input into the app.

4. Updates to Privacy Policy
Any updates to this privacy policy will be communicated through app updates. It is recommended that users review the privacy policy periodically for any changes.

5. Contact Information
For privacy concerns or questions related to White Mountain 4000 Footer Tracker, you can contact the developer through the website:

Website: www.nschaefer.com

6. Children’s Privacy
I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. I encourage all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. I encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to us through the Application and/or Services, please contact us. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).

7. Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites may not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
